# Problem Statement:
Catch the signal `SIGINT` and display “Ha Ha, Not Stopping”  
Use the `signal` system call and always use `perror` to check the return status.  

---

## 🧠 Understanding the Requirements

- `SIGINT` is the signal sent when we press **Ctrl+C** in the terminal.
- Normally, pressing Ctrl+C stops a running program.
- Our job is to **override** this behavior and print a message instead.
- Use the `signal()` system call, not `sigaction()` or others.
- Always check if `signal()` fails using `perror()`.

---

## 🔧 functions we need

### 1. `signal()` System Call

- Used to register a signal handler. ie we will attach a handler function to whenever a particular signal is called
- Syntax:
  ```c
  void (*signal(int signum, void (*handler)(int)))(int);
  ```

### 2. `perror()` Function

- Prints an error message if a system call fails.
- ie if the handler is not able to attach then we use this to show errors
- Use it right after any system call to debug errors.

---

## 🛠️ Implementation Hints

### 1. Create a Signal Handler Function

```c
void sigint_handler(int signum) {
    printf("Ha Ha, Not Stopping\n");
}
```


### 2. Register the Handler in `main()` into the `signal` function

```c
if (signal(SIGINT, sigint_handler) == SIG_ERR) {
    perror("signal");
    exit(1);
}
```

### 3. Add an Infinite Loop

Keep the program running so you can test Ctrl+C:

```c
while (1) {
    sleep(1);
}
```
all the headers
`#include <signal.h>`, `#include <stdio.h>`, `#include <unistd.h>`, `#include <stdlib.h>`
---



---

## ✅ Sample Output

When you press `Ctrl+C`:

```
Ha Ha, Not Stopping
```


---
# how to stop the program 
- we have to stop the process forcefully to stop the program 
- there are multiple ways to do this , i am showing the easiest one ie using `pkill`
    - open another terminal
        - if u are using our clg server then using another terminal ssh into the account
    - command : `pkill -9 process_name`
    - process_name is the name of the executable like `a.out` or anything u are using
**sample command**
```
pkill -9 a.out
```
---

## 📚 Reference

- [`man 2 signal`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/signal.2.html)
- [`man 3 perror`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man3/perror.3.html)
